# Contributing to *Dart Full Coverage*

Every contribution to project is very welcome, but please follow the rules below.

## Opening an issue

If you have a feature request, bug report, or question, you can open a new issue. Before you open it, please check if such isssue does not yet exist.

When you open an issue that

- reports a bug, please use **bug** label for the issue and start the title of the issue with **"SLDFC-#: "**, where # denotes the **current issue number** (that is not a number including pull requests you see automatically generated by GitHub). For example, if action would not load and the latest numbered issue was "SLDFC-15", open an issue titled "SLDFC-16: Action would not load".
- requests a feature, please use **feature** label for the issue and title the issue the same as described in the previous point.
- posts a question, label issue with **question** and **do not** use numbering in the title like you would in the bug or feature request case. Just title the issue with question.

## Opening a pull request

You are also very welcomed to open a pull request with your own contribution. However, before you open a pull request, please open an issue describing what is the bug or what feature are you implementing in pull request (**follow the rules above!**). Once you opened the issue, you can submit your pull request.

When you submit a pull request

- title it the same as issue,
- reference the issue in pull request's body using any of the closing keywords, "Resolves" prefered.
